Changelog for 0.11.0 (#105)
zytedata/zyte-spider-templates: CHANGES.rst

Changes
=======

0.11.0 (TBD)
------------

* New ref:`Articles spider template <job-posting>`, built on top of
  Zyte API’s :http:`request:article` and :http:`request:articleNavigation`.

> * New ref:`Job Posting spider template <job-posting>`, built on top of

Author: hm, I wonder why isn't our docs environment failing on that?

  Zyte API’s :http:`request:jobPosting` and :http:`request:jobPostingNavigation`.

* :ref:`Search queries <search-queries>` support is added to the
  :ref:`e-commerce spider template <e-commerce>`.
  This allows to provide a list of search queries to the

>   spider; spider finds a search form on a website, and submits all the queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  spider; the spider finds a search form on the target webpage, and submits all the queries.
```

* ProductList extraction support is added to the
  :ref:`e-commerce spider template <e-commerce>`. This allows spiders to
  extract basic product information without going to product detail pages.

* New features are added to the :ref:`Google Search spider template <google-search>`:

    * An option to follow the result links and extract data

>       from the target pages (via ``extract`` argument)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      from the target pages (via the ``extract`` argument)
```

    * Content Languages (lr) parameter
    * Content Countries (cr) parameter
    * User Country (gl) parameter
    * User Language (hl) parameter
    * results_per_page parameter

> * Scrapy addon is added. This allows to greatly simplify initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a Scrapy add-on. This allows to greatly simplify the initial
```

  zyte-spider-templates configuration.

> * Bug fix: incorrectly extracted URLs no longer make the spiders drop
>   other requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bug fix: incorrectly extracted URLs no longer make spiders drop
  other requests.
```

> * Cleanup CI; improved testing suite; clean up documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cleaned up the CI; improved the testing suite; cleaned up the documentation.
```
